Add PR template for docs changes (#2237)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/pull_request_template.md

> **What**: Explain what you changed and provide a list of changed page names.

Reviewer: Are PR owners expected expected to add context under these fields? If so, maybe we should add comments to signal?

We should use the [tutorials](https://github.com/hashicorp/tutorials/blob/main/.github/pull_request_template.md) one as a sample

Author: What do you mean by context underneath? The text next to "What" should be replaced by the explanation. Do you think that will confuse folks?  I want to let the contributor actually type in what they did and why. The learn one doesn't allow for that at all it looks like.

Reviewer: Yeah! I think you should indicate what needs to be replaced. This one doesn't really show that imo

Author: okay gotcha! I'll do italics and think about how to indicate that better!!

**Why:** Explain why this change is necessary and how it benefits users.

**Screenshots:** Optional. Show additions to the sidebar or new formatting.

----------

### Merge Checklist
_If items do not apply to your changes, add (N/A) and mark them as complete._

**Pull Request**

> - [ ] One or more labels describe the type of change (e.g. clarification) and associated product (e.g. tfc).

Reviewer: Can we make all the checklist start with verbs? I think it's more clear/explicit for the reader to understand what's expected of them. This would also mirror how we do it in the [tutorials](https://github.com/hashicorp/tutorials/blob/main/.github/pull_request_template.md) repo

```suggestion
- [ ] Added at least one label to describe the type of change (e.g. clarification) and associated product (e.g. tfc).
```

Author: I thought about this, but I feel like that would result in a lot of similar/empty verbs at the start of each bullet. And I kind of want to lead with the thing that people are supposed to check, if that makes sense. I was thinking it might make it easier when scanning the list for things to jump out at you? I guess if you're checking them off, you're reading through them, but I just think it's kind of like "these are statements that should be true about this content" type of thing.

Reviewer: Oooh alright. I think it's more clear with verbs first, because it shows that the person that marks each box has done the task (active vs passive voice)

- [ ] Description links to related pull requests or issues, if any.

**Content**
- [ ] Redirects added for moved, renamed, or deleted pages.

> - [ ] Sidebar navigation files updated for added, deleted, reordered, or renamed pages.

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Sidebar navigation files updated for added, deleted, reordered, or renamed pages.
- [ ] Links to related content are added where appropriate (e.g., API endpoints, permissions, etc.).
- [ ] Pages with related content have been updated and linked to this content when appropriate.
```

- [ ] New pages have metadata (page name and description) at the top.

> - [ ] New images are 2048 px wide. They have HashiCorp standard annotation color and format, blurred sensitive details (e.g. credentials, usernames), and descriptive alt text in the markdown for accessibility.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] New images are 2048 px wide. They have HashiCorp standard annotation color (#F92672) and format (rectangle with rounded corners), blurred sensitive details (e.g. credentials, usernames, user icons), and descriptive alt text in the markdown for accessibility.
```

**What**: Explain what you changed and provide a list of changed page names.

**Why:** Explain why this change is necessary and how it benefits users.

**Screenshots:** Optional. Show additions to the sidebar or new formatting.

----------

### Merge Checklist
_If items do not apply to your changes, add (N/A) and mark them as complete._

**Pull Request**
- [ ] One or more labels describe the type of change (e.g. clarification) and associated product (e.g. tfc).
- [ ] Description links to related pull requests or issues, if any.

> **Content**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Content
```

> - [ ] Redirects added for moved, renamed, or deleted pages.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- [ ] Redirects have been added for moved, renamed, or deleted pages.
```
Minor tense change to mirror the phrasing of the other checklist items.

> - [ ] Sidebar navigation files updated for added, deleted, reordered, or renamed pages.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- [ ] Sidebar navigation files have been updated for added, deleted, reordered, or renamed pages.
```

> - [ ] Links to related content are added where appropriate (e.g., API endpoints, permissions, etc.).

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Links to related content where appropriate (e.g., API endpoints, permissions, etc.).
```

> - [ ] Pages with related content have been updated and linked to this content when appropriate.

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Pages with related content are updated and link to this content when appropriate.
```

> - [ ] Pages with related content have been updated and linked to this content when appropriate.

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Pages with related content have been updated and linked to this content where appropriate.
```

- [ ] New pages have metadata (page name and description) at the top.
- [ ] New images are 2048 px wide. They have HashiCorp standard annotation color (#F92672) and format (rectangle with rounded corners), blurred sensitive details (e.g. credentials, usernames, user icons), and descriptive alt text in the markdown for accessibility.
- [ ] New code blocks have the correct syntax and line breaks to eliminate horizontal scroll bars.
- [ ] UI elements (button names, page names, etc.) are bolded.
- [ ] The Vercel website preview successfully deployed.

> **Reviews**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Reviews
```
